Expert series articles (#167)
heroiclabs/nakama-docs: docs/expert-modelling.md

  if (time.now() > next_login_after and time.now() < next_login_after + ONE_DAY)

    player.streak.progress += 1

    awardUnlock(player, player.streak.rewards[player.streak.progress])

    setTimeForNextUnlock(player.streak)

```

If we get to the end of a streak, we’ll need some additional logic to start again (more sophisticated templates might support a multiplier and reiterate the streak).

Other events might trigger actions against the streak, too. For example, a player might have the choice to cancel a streak (perhaps to start on some other progression). This would have its own event handler.

## Event hooks in Nakama

In Nakama, we can implement this pattern with *[after hook*s](https://heroiclabs.com/docs/runtime-code-basics/#after-hook)*. *You can register a function that executes after each message received by the server. In that function, you can dispatch to more specific event handlers to level up players, award trophies, or, in this example, update a streak.

In this case, you can write an after hook that updates the player’s streak progression whenever a client calls the `getAccount()` function that sends an out-of-band notification about the streak.

> ![image alt text](image_0.png)In this case, we get an event trigger on an API that Nakama already provides and that you’re likely to use anyway: `getAccount()`. On the client side, there’s no additional code needed to trigger a streak update.

Author: ```suggestion
![After hook updating a player's streak progression when getAccount function is called](nakama-after-hook.png)In this case, we get an event trigger on an API that Nakama already provides and that you’re likely to use anyway: `getAccount()`. On the client side, there’s no additional code needed to trigger a streak update.
```
